Add PR checkbox for theme documentation (#1516)
Shopify/dawn: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

**Checklist**
- [ ] Added PR summary for [release notes](https://themes.shopify.com/themes/dawn/styles/default#ReleaseNotes)

> - [ ] Reached out to the [help.shopify.com](https://help.shopify.com) team to update theme documentation (current contact: Kimli)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Notified the [help.shopify.com](https://help.shopify.com) team about updates to theme settings (current contact: Kimli)
```
